# churn-analysis
The purpose of this analysis is to examine churn in a data sample and identify relationships between churn and other factors. I reviewed demographic data such as age, gender, and country, as well as financial data like credit score and account balance to uncover any hidden trends. By identifying which demographics experience the highest rate of churn, we can make recommendations to improve customer retention. After transforming and modelling the data using Power BI, I created a dashboard to display the total number of customers; churn rate; customers by gender, country, credit card, and products; customers and churn rate by age group; and customers and churn rate by credit score. I generated additional visualizations based on churn, such as churn rate by country, active and inactive members by churn status, churned customers by account balance, and churned and retained customers by age group. Based on my analysis, I would recommend reviewing the policies and features of the products that have caused usership to skew younger. We see the highest rate of usership in the 31-40 range and the highest rate of churn in the 51-60 range. Concurrently, I recommend releasing a targeted campaign in Germany, as we are experiencing double the rate of churn there compared to Spain or France. Finally, the majority of churned customers were inactive users, but 735 of 2037 churned customers were active. I recommend requiring the user to provide the reason they are ending their relationship with the company so that that information can be added to the database. 
